# ICS2O-Summative-Learn-with-Us
The template for the ICS2O summative: Learn with Us!

# ICS2O-Learn with Us!
This is where you will update your project over time to build your multimedia project for the summative: Learn with Us!

What will need to be included:

1. A complete and functioning applet that can be accessed on the Internet hosted using GitHub pages.
2. One assigned curricular objective for the elementary school class.
2. This game will be built using
  a. HTML/CSS
  b. JS (Javascript)
    i. P5.js or
    ii. processing.js(built inside khanacademy.org)
3. A slide presentation created using GitHub or Google Slides.
  a. This will reference the journey of learning and creating through to life cycle of the process
4. A project board where goals will be set and accomplished
5. An issue board where current problems that are being worked on will be posted and share and assigned.
6. A choice of workflow:
  a. [p5 online editor](https://www.google.com/search?client=safari&rls=en&q=p5+online+editor&ie=UTF-8&oe=UTF-8)
  b. [Atom(from GitHub)](https://atom.io)
  c. [khanacademy.org](https://www.khanacademy.org/computer-programming/new/pjs)
7. A Storyboard (created on paper) with pictures taken and posted on your GitHub repository.
8. WikiPage: Where you will explain the project
  a. Its goals
  b. Its members
  c. What is required to work on the project.(You need to specify this)
9. The Game itself:
  * A splash/starting screen.
  * A game environment/ screen/level(s)
  * An ending screen where a status or feedback is given on the game(i.e. points, completion, statistics)
  * options screen: levels, music, sound effects, difficulty
  * about screen: an explanation of the project you are working on and the purpose of it.
  * Educational in content: as percieved by an elementary student
  * Must include programming concepts learnt from khanacademy modules: Intro to JS, HTML/CSS, games and visualtions.
  * Must include use of artwork generated by elementary class
  * A learning goal: 
    * This is determined with the help of the elementary class.
    * It will be appropriate for the learning goals of elementary class.
   * Documentation in terms of comments in the code and commit history on GitHub
